Full job description
Overview:
As a Full-Stack Developer, you will be responsible for implementing applications and services related to Business Rules in the healthcare domain. You’ll be involved throughout the software development lifecycle—including requirements gathering, design, development, testing, and maintenance—while collaborating with cross-functional teams to ensure solutions meet business needs and industry standards.
Responsibilities:
Qualifications:

Technical Responsibilities:
Design, develop, and implement new features
Follow technical standards and best practices for development; and write clean, scalable, efficient code.
Participate in code and configuration reviews and provide constructive feedback.
Implement automation processes for build, test, deploy.
Ensure the performance, quality, and responsiveness of the applications.
Communicate technical information clearly and effectively to both technical and non-technical audience.
Agile Team Responsibilities:
Participate in the grooming sessions with the product owner, and other stakeholders to understand their needs and requirements; and help improve the acceptance criteria of the stories.
Participate actively in all the sprint ceremonies and ensure that committed stories are delivered on time.
Assist the Tech lead in building the knowledge base artifacts for the team.
System Maintenance and Support:
Assist in monitoring the performance and behavior of Rules systems and identify areas for improvement.
Troubleshoot and resolve technical issues in the existing software.
Stay up to date with the Rules configuration technologies and best practices.
This is the role for you if:
You have experience with Agile development methodologies,
You have experience with Business Rules, open-source frameworks
You have experience with Microservices.
Qualifications:
You should apply if you have:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, or a related field or equivalent related work experience.
4+ years of experience in software development, with a strong focus on building loosely coupled applications and microservices.
Expertise in building applications and services using tech stacks like Java, Python, Golang
Proficiency in leveraging frameworks such as Kafka, DROOLs, ORM tools
Comfortable developing on-premise and cloud solutions
Experience with database management systems
Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills.
Ability to work independently and as part of a team.

What we offer:
Salary range of $85000 - $110000 / year plus a potential annual bonus opportunity
Full range of benefits including Health, Dental and Vision with HSA Employer Contributions and Dependent Care FSA Employer Match
Generous PTO, 401K Savings Plan, Paid Parental Leave, free on-demand Virtual Fitness Training and more
Advancement Opportunities, professional skills training, and tuition /exam reimbursement
PayActiv - access earned income in between pay checks
Walgreens Discount - receive up to 25% off eligible items
Great culture with a sense of community